Come on, come on, take a picture of me
Brother Qiang is recording it. Come on
Record it, record it
Hey, Tiezi is recording it, recording it
No wonder it's my sister
Zhang Da, the once mighty classmate
Licking my shoes
Record clearly
Still dead k
Fa classmate marries you
Let everyone take a good look hahaha everyone take a look
And dragons pass it on, come and come
Zhao Fan, what are you?
How come?
Brother Qiang, what's the matter?
God can't stand it anymore
Then you will compensate me today.
Don't walk out this door until you lose money
Chen Qing, you used to be a student at a key university
How did it become like this now?
What does it have to do with you?
I'll tell you what.
Brother Qiang is now every year
go to work
Then I'll post a job at a jewelry store
Every year at least 200,000
How about you, a mere million is too embarrassed to show off
Really laughs out loud
Mr. Wang